all right check it out guys it's trevor
james we are in kuala lumpur
malaysia this is a true food hot spot
and i am so excited because there is
tons of food to explore
and we're bringing you for tons of
delicious street food
let's check it out guys
this is it kuala lumpur malaysia
and we're once again bringing you indeed
for tons of street food in this scale
series
and today we're trying some insane
street food
you're going to want to fly here
immediately for so make sure to watch
all the way until the end to discover
them with us
let's eat okay guys and first up right
up here we are bringing you
to hijao which is a famous malay
slash meenangi's restaurant which is
food from
padang indonesia here we are salamat
taki
salamatan apacaba
wow here we are and check this out we
just walked up
and found the ultimate beef soup this
soup too long
soup too long and you can actually see
cardamom
lemongrass there's big fatty beef chunks
and it's mixed with look check it out
lime there's green chili and coriander
and then fried shallots the bawan goreng
and there it is that's the pattay
yeah that's the famous malaysian stink
bean
but you also have the jengkol which is
another famous type and we're going to
be having both of those today thank you
okay tara mckessie and then you can
choose
from the 80 dishes here and i think
that's the problem is there's
too many dishes you want to eat it all
oh yeah look at this
this is the gulai section so the coconut
milk cream section
and this is salted fish egg look at that
that's a giant
strip of salted fish egg
in that goulai coconut milk cream we've
got some snails goulai up here
there's actually fiddlehead ferns
cassava leaves
there's bamboo shoots goulai and then
over here
wow we've got the colorful spicy section
and i'm gonna take look at this there's
some eggplant
with onion and chili oh yeah
red chili and then moving on we've got
more
gulai dishes here look at this this is
the crab goulai that we just washed in
the kitchen
and this one here hanan has told us
is one of her specialties this is the
beef
tendon gulai look at that wow
look at how fatty and jiggly that tendon
is and it's in that goulai
creamy coconut milk santan with
lemongrass
with the kaffir lime oh yeah onion
and we're just gonna make up order of
whole curry and sauce and
oh my goodness that's the gulai delight
and then we got the veg
section over here but what's really
popping out today look at this
this is the econ villas aaa grade
which is fried anchovy and then triple a
because it's upgraded it's got green and
red chili
it's got onion and it's extra crispy for
the next section
it's a full on meal here this is gering
this is jengkol the stink bean of
malaysia
that's the next level this is like katai
times 100
and it's an assembled spicy chili
put that on that is sulfurous delight
and then look at this the samples
so many different types of sandals but
this is what the restaurant is named
after
the sambal hijao the green sambal and
then here
that's the sambal temple yak look at
that you can actually see fermented
durian in there
whoa and then final step here
the i am kampong rendang look at that
oh and i left a little bit of room on my
white rice there
to cover with gravy look at the color
there
just a little room left let's cover it
here's the temple yeah
yeah malaysian specialty with durian
fermented durian stew with
fish yeah this fish is from
tamale wow
okay guys and hanan the owner here has
just invited us into the kitchen
to see how they make the chicken rendang
one of the hundreds of dishes
they make here okay and here we go guys
this is the start of making
rendang here we go guys
this is the start of rendon we've got
the oil
and the onion wow just adding it all in
the ginger and the garlic oh all of the
aromatic stuff
oh and then the chili green chili
oh and here's the red chili chili mara
look at that it looks really good
yeah oh and then here's the the kaffir
lime and lemongrass yeah
wow and the turmeric leaves as well
this is amazing and is jeff part of your
family
or yes she's my cousin oh she's your
cousin yeah
oh and then here's the coconut milk
that's the secret
that's the creamy goodness yeah look at
the cream just mixing in
that's the soul of malaysia there guys
santan
this is just amazing and here goes the
salt sugar and
turmeric use all these to make
hd shapes baby dishes every day wow
so everything that you eat here
is the same like what i eat at my house
and your home
wow so this is the ayam kampung the
tampon chicken
yeah village chicken yeah look at that
going
wow going right in look how thick it's
getting that's
bow set up look at that
kara makassi numpak sit up okay
and it's finished there it is
now unpacks it up and that's going to go
right out into the restaurant
and we're going to have a feast and here
we are guys look at this ultimate
plate of gravy's goulai
curries rendangs we've got the mahi
fish eggs hanan just told me it's the
mahi fish eggs we've got that durian
temple yak we've got the ikan bilis
look at that that is the beef
tendin gulai we've got their specialty
the sambal hijao
all over the rice and that is one of the
joys of malaysia mixing curries
banjir style and this is a home cooked
malaysian minangi's food then we've got
the temple yak
fish temple yak with fermented durian
and
their crab gulai i'm gonna go just right
in
oh the rendang is burning still wow
chicken rendang with the ikan villas
triple a we're gonna get some rendang
extra rendang sauce on there
let's try it out
[Music]
wow that is flavor
the flavor in that rendang is unmatched
smooth
and strong at the same time let's go for
some of this
beef tendon that's a nice jiggly tendon
there
and you can see we've got two types of
sambal the green
which is their specialty hijao the
restaurant name here
and then they've got the temple yak
sambal the durian symbol we're gonna try
it with their special sambal here
and if it's spicy you can just wash it
down with this coconut ice cream
shake
mmm oh wow
that is the most jiggly creamy joy and
that green sample
is spicy it is burning delight
that is delicious and let's just take a
little bit of that stink bean jenkle
there guys this is
look at that wow that right there is
sulfurous
jungly strong aroma and i've fallen in
love with it oh yeah we've got the stink
beans and then here look at this we've
got that durian
sambal temple yak fermented durian let's
try that out
oh i think i like that
oh wow that is a sweet fermented durian
it's stinky but good
and then we got the crab goulai and the
fish temple yeah oh yeah look at that
and let's just cover it in that gravy
that's fermented durian
almost like a fermented durian stew my
first time wow
it's actually just lightly seasoned with
durian it's not too stinky
but it does have a durian odor fermented
and we're gonna take this crab goulai
next look at that guys let's just crack
it oh
that's the joy bursting look at the
flash
that's creamy coconut milk goulai let's
just make sure it's covered
oh my you can actually taste the
turmeric leaves the freshness from the
tomato
and the crab flesh is succulent it's so
soft
and then look at this we got those mahi
fish eggs looks delicious
oh there's a bounce to them oh it's
creamy
wow that is nice it's creamy and then
the fish eggs are creamy too so it's
like double cream
they have this firm pop to them thank
you hennan
amazing we're going to keep going thanks
hannah and next up
we're bringing you to one of the best if
not the best hyder body biryani joints
in kl
if you love spicy and bold flavors
you're gonna love this
awesome guys and next up we are deep in
little india
and right up here there's a famous joint
we're bringing you to try
hyder body biryani some of the most
delicious biryani in the world
and it's just right up around the corner
let's go check it out
and here we are guys we are bright and
early hi
boss how are you and this is the biryani
the biryani car
wow ken
this is it guys hyderabadi biryani
it's full of biryani it's gonna be good
and there we go we got the curry and the
biryani going right in
that's the mutton monster deck
oh and what do we have here chicken
mango mango oh mango mango mango curry
oh and then a brinjal brinjal curry
so boss you're from hyderabad and you
make hyderabadi biryani
all the gravy different curry brinjal
curry
vegetables wow today's special chicken
biryani mutton biryani
prawn biryani prawn biryani wow
this is chicken curry chicken curry
spinach kind of leaf added in the curry
oh wow
look at how thick it is chicken curry
creamy yeah
oh and here's the chicken gravy
for the biryani wow
and there they are look at all these
gravies and curries to try with your
biryani there's already a big lineup for
that first
opening of the deck wow there it is
fluffy biryani rice and you can see the
saffron
colored ghee wow and the chicken
which is going to be marinated in tons
of spices is on the bottom
the chicken and the rice will be layered
in layers
the chicken will be marinated at the
bottom
[Music]
wow at that
mixture of saffron ghee
and it's ultra fluffy oh and there's
mutton biryani here too
oh yeah look at those mutton bones you
can just slurp the marrow out
and there's the prawns the prawn biryani
oh and veg biryani you've got everything
oh my goodness this is amazing we just
lined up
got to the front of the line after about
10 minutes and now we're gonna get a big
plate
of chicken hide her buddy biryani with
with a drumstick yeah thank you oh here
it is
oh yeah that's the good stuff with that
saffron infused rice
wow looks good this is what you have to
try
that spicy masala just coated on the
chicken
is full of flavor and then some raita
and some
biryani gravy that's the biryani gravy
and the raita the yogurt biryani right
there
wow boss can i have some mango
cashew please mango cashew oh yeah
that's the good stuff look at that
mango cashew and then some brinjal
brinjal there it is look at that thick
creamy brinjal
gravy you can mix in with your biryani
wow and then the final touch here we're
gonna get this chicken
spinach curry wow it looks creamy and
full of masala
and here we are we just got the ultimate
hyder body biryani
and there's a giant oh yeah this is the
meaning here guys
that's where the ultimate flavor is the
chicken
drumstick and you coat it
in this biryani masala hyderabadi
biryani
is one of the best if not the best
biryani dishes
in the world and then a glass of
buttermilk as well to wash it down
and it's still so hot right out of that
deck and you can see
there's that biryani masala
it up let's take that first bite
wow wow that's delicious
that right there this biryani masala
that was on the bottom of the deck is so
flavorful
wow spicy but smooth at the same time
what's this mutton biryani
wow thank you that's amazing
prawn biryani and mutton biryani let's
just put a little bit of that
little touch in there oh yeah
let's try it out
oh wow that is perfect
that right there slurping the bone
marrow out
of that bone is one of the ultimate
tastes
of the world what do you think ting it's
the good stuff right
spicy spicy but good and there it is
let's try some of that chicken curry
let's try it out
thanks so much guys everything thank you
it's very nice
thank you we're going to pack this up
bring it home keep eating it for another
few days
and we're going to keep exploring
unbelievable thank you boss thank you
my 81
and last up to finish up the night we're
bringing you in for one of the
ultimate sloppy street sandwiches in
malaysia
you need to see this awesome guys and
next up
lately i've been a big fan of ultra
sloppy
messy street food and right up here we
found online through research
a very sloppy roti john
ultimate sandwich go try it out guys and
here we are
hi boss oh look at the grill we got
going on here
so we're gonna get a couple different
things here today we're gonna get a
crispy chicken burger
and a roti john and we're gonna wash the
process for both oh and these are the
eggs
look at these oh
here we go he's making a perimeter it's
completely
just covered in these scrambled eggs so
bas right now we're making roti john
so he's just covering it in a fried
crispy chicken
and oh daking oh the lamb
look at that ultimate pure rectangle
scrambled egg
and look at all the buns here it's a bun
mountain and those buns are gonna be
fluffy
and saturated and he's gonna put a
secret sauce on there after two
looks good yeah and then here's the
press look at this
to flatten down that bread and infuse
the sauce and flavor
from the eggs and spices oh yeah and
then here they come let's watch how it's
made
mayo is going on and that's gonna be
increasing the slop level
and then onion lettuce okay and then
here comes the sauce
look at this whoa many sauce yeah it
looks good and then boss
cheese just loading it with cheese and
then mozzarella
yeah wow look at that just
loading it up with matzah wow that
actually looks really nice
here comes the torch
this is amazing he's just torching it
right now
and it's just slowly melting and getting
caramelized
and crisped up and then here they come
right out
boom wrapped up it's like a slop
sandwich
torpedo delivery that's next level
street burgers
wow and look at how they're just
crisping up there caramelizing on that
mozzarella and he's adding even more
sauce
it's the sauciest sloppiest burger in
the world and there's the final touch
look at that buns go on thank you buzz
wow look at this let's just take that
first chunk there
oh yeah look at that you got the cheese
sauce you got that sweet spicy chili
lettuce onion let's try it out
[Music]
very nice it's sweet spicy cheesy
wet saturated eggs are slightly crispy
oh yeah mmm very nice
bye-bye see you next time bye-bye thank
you
hope you guys enjoyed that video please
leave me a comment down below let me
know what you thought
thank you so much for watching and
please click that subscribe and little
bell notification button as well so you
don't miss any of these videos
thanks a lot for watching